doc: clarify future Corepack removal in v25+ (#57825)
nodejs/node: doc/api/corepack.md

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

**Corepack will no longer be distributed with Node.js 25+.**

> Users currently depending on the `corepack` from Node.js should switch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users currently depending on the bundled `corepack` module from Node.js should switch
```

Author: Done in [`ef47418` (#57825)](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/57825/commits/ef47418b51edca56560e43b698079660d06208ef)

> **Corepack will no longer be distributed with Node.js 25+.**
> Users currently depending on the bundled `corepack` module from Node.js

Author: nit: introduce a newline so that there's a separation between the decision in bold, and call to action for existing users.
```suggestion
**Corepack will no longer be distributed with Node.js 25+.**

Users currently depending on the bundled `corepack` module from Node.js
```

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> **Corepack will no longer be distributed with Node.js 25+.**

Reviewer 2: nit: 25+ doesn't feel right for docs
```suggestion
**Starting with Node.js v25, Corepack will no longer be distributed.**
```

Author: Won't this cause confusion where readers might think Corepack distribution is going to be stopped everywhere, if they miss reading call to action which is not in bold?

We want to say the Corepack distribution is going to be stopped only on Node.js.

Reviewer 2: How about this edit? This just changes the 25+ part
```suggestion
**Corepack will no longer be distributed starting with Node.js v25.**
```

> Users currently depending on the bundled `corepack` module from Node.js

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users currently depending on the bundled `corepack` executable from Node.js
```

> Users currently depending on the bundled `corepack` module from Node.js

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users currently depending on the bundled `corepack` executable from Node.js
```

> should switch to using the userland-provided [corepack][] module instead.

Reviewer 3: Can we word it in a way it sounds like proposing an alternative instead of giving an advice?
```suggestion
can switch to using the userland-provided [corepack][] module instead.
```

Author: ```suggestion
can switch to using the userland-provided [corepack][] module.
```

Author: Done.
